Everything you see here has come from research material gathered with children, young people (and a few adults) who were directly affected by flooding in England. These are their words, pictures and models.
Support children to prepare and recover from Floods
"It was weird, because it just appeared overnight and then all of a sudden it just kept rising and rising... There had been a puddle for about a week and so everyone was quite worried, but then one morning we woke up and it was HUGE." - Peter, aged 14
"My dog wouldnt stop crying because we couldnt let him out even a couple of days after, because of all the sewage - he might have ate it." - Peter, aged 14
"It was quite early in the morning and it started raining and my mum woke us up saying, its flooding, and then we just got everything done I had to unplug all the electricals, put the speakers up high. We also had to stack a sofa on a sofa, put the chairs and rug on top to make sure they were safe." - Richard, aged 14
"We stayed, but we had to like keep our clothes on during the night and our bags packed just in case we got evacuated" - Peter, aged 14 
"Dad opened the door to see what was happening and there was all this water sort of coming down   We stayed for a little bit, then it went up more, and then it went to the top step and Dad said, We need to go now. When I say now, I mean now." - Callum, aged 12
"Its not coming through the river its coming up the ground and thats when we had to call my Dad in from work." - Ben, aged 12
"Theres people on my road who are still not in their houses yeah, thats not good at all, still living in hotels, and theyve got like whole families going to work and going to schools and you cant cope with it." - Andrew, aged 15
"If your insurance were nice enough to give you a skip, then you were so grateful, you were so lucky. Money couldnt buy you a skip" - Jodi, aged 14
"All the houses are empty. Like all you can see is like loads of builders and stuff and all loads of cars. Well, you feel like its in a ghost town." - Callum, aged 12
"It takes a long time to get everything working again" - Richard, aged 14
"Im just kind of like worried its going to happen again this year I suppose Im going to worry every year though. Even if it doesnt happen, were still going to worry." - Jodi, aged 14
"They didnt realise that it would have ever flooded but now they realise that it will more than likely flood again, so theyve bought themselves a little raft that I made Because its happened before, it can happen again. Theyre adapting." - Richard, aged 14